hello everybody the best one here man
Italian 24 and yet this is an empty K
paint tool tutorial I know I do not do
these but I'm starting something new and
hopefully you guys enjoy it all right so
this paint tool I was inspired by
nothing I just randomly came up with it
but um I do do a classic spike design
what that's um so yeah classic spike
design like I'm Takeda it's most of the
time but yeah so hopefully you guys
enjoyed this just guys remember that you
could copy it on the other side because
that's gonna really help you in like
almost all your paint tools good if you
guys want to do something on one side
and then do something different on the
other that's not gonna help you but if
you guys want to do the same thing on
either side copying it is the best thing
to do but guide you cannot do it on the
right side and then try to copy it cuz
it will be done so you guys put it on
the left side as you can see I go on the
left side here I do this circle then I
cut it off to more or less make like um
a twist sort of thing and then watch
what I do right after this
I taught me to the other side see guys
cuz it's really gonna help you it
doesn't matter what you do
even with my um Sonic or my Mario I had
to copy it on the other side cuz if I
didn't it would've looked really crappy
it wouldn't even look like Sonic um so
yeah also a guy that you can see this is
a really short time span for a paint'll
usually mine takes about 30 minutes to
45 minutes to an hour if I really want
to do I really nice chain tool so yeah
but if you guys know what to speed this
up really
help me because it like doing commentary
live it's really not easy
oh this isn't live but when I was doing
commentary on the spot for a long period
of time
it's not always easy so yeah enjoy this
I also want to see what you guys want to
see next what do you guys want to see
after that's do you guys go and see
trunk designs do you guys want to see
tattoos do you guys want to see exactly
I don't know
so what do you guys want to see I could
do my cartoon scan if you guys want I
can do whatever you guys want more lines
and as you can see look I shape it out
making the circle around it and it works
out guys put that carpet on the other
side as well
see a copy on the other side is really
gonna help you sorry that this may not
be in HD cuz I did this a long time ago
and my TV was not HD back then so this
may not be in HD it's kind of crappy but
whatever you were still gonna hear my
amazing voice tho wordes but yeah so
what do you guys want to see next
umm I don't mind whatever you guys want
to see and this turned out not to be on
mtk the reason why obviously you can see
that there's a cross on either side on
2,000 degrees gonna be able to cross
into either side but and it doesn't
really go so I made a priest guy I'll
put this on on my change to the red - I
think ain't gold and it was good but
then I had to use it for I do use its
spot for someone else so yeah that
didn't work out but hopefully you guys
do enjoy that I do like what I do with
the spice in a few seconds um hopefully
you guys enjoy it
one more thing as you can see you guys
I'm doing spikes right on the top-left
corner now that's gonna help me in a few
minutes
see I copied on the other side I take
the block again and I put it up and down
and as you can see look guys spikes
aren't either side now and like they're
on every single spot that can be
possibly done in a few seconds and look
how that turned out and look how quick
that was
instead of using non copying stuff if
you guys don't want to do that and you
guys want to do something else it would
also be a good idea like let's say you
want to do an open eye let's say and a
closed eye you can do the open eye on
one side copy to the other side and then
cut off half of the eye to make a closed
line it's all you guys have to do it
will look really nice I've done it
before and you guys would like it so
without further ado guys as you can see
I'm editing some of that stuff on the
top and the bottom and then I end it off
with some lines of white like a little
detailed but first I want to see whether
it's whether it looks good sideways
upwards so I keep it upwards and then we
have this little thing by using an
eraser you can do a lot of stuff guys
you can also use that trick if you guys
have any questions just message me on
youtube or comment down below and I will
answer them in the upcoming video thank
you guys for watching Matt attack 11:24
thanks you I wanna know what you guys
want to see next
thanks for watching guys the best one
it's out in three two one see everybody
you